index.md, before:

![Welcome To PwnWiki.io](images/logo.jpg)

[Image Generated Here](http://www.addletters.com/pictures/restaurant-sign-generator/4772466.htm#.UplRZ42PuuY)

### PwnWiki.io is a collection TTPs (tools, tactics, and procedures) for what to do after access has been gained.

- - - - - - 

### Live Online Copy:

You can find a copy of the project online at: http://pwnwiki.io

### Offline Use:

  1. Clone the repository or pull the archive ([download zip](https://github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io/archive/master.zip)) of the repo
  2. Open index.html
  3. Most modern browsers don't allow the access of local files from a locally loaded HTML file. On Windows you can use [Mongoose Tiny](http://cesanta.com/downloads.html) or [HFS](http://www.rejetto.com/hfs/) to host the files locally. On OSX and Linux `python -m SimpleHTTPServer` seems to work just fine.

#### Referenced tools can be found here: https://github.com/mubix/post-exploitation (If they aren't built into the OS)

- - - - - -
#### Submitting Content
We want/need your help! Please contribute to this project is via GitHub (https://github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io). That allows us to get your project-ready content incorporated into the wiki fast. 

We realize that not everyone can/wants to submit content via GitHub and that's cool. If your go-to content is not up here and you don't want to spend the time becoming a Git Jedi, just visit our [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1N7-jRjnUXoz-UwB2h0du2IrskFJW6hBGs4YsTwvEncE/viewform). Due to the large amount of submissions and content, there may be a delay between your posting and us getting your content into the project. Thanks for your submissions and your patience! 

- - - - - -
Curators:

  * [@mubix](https://twitter.com/mubix) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@mubix)
  * [@WebBreacher](https://twitter.com/webbreacher) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@WebBreacher)
  * [@tekwizz123](https://twitter.com/tekwizz123) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@tekwizz123)
  * [@jakx_](https://twitter.com/jakx_) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@jakx_)
  * [@TheColonial](https://twitter.com/TheColonial) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@TheColonial)
  * [@Wireghoul](https://twitter.com/Wireghoul)  [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@Wireghoul)

If you would like to become a curator, please contact [mubix@hak5.org](mailto:mubix@hak5.org)

[gimmick:ForkMeOnGitHub ({ color: 'red',  position: 'right' })](http://www.github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io/)

Commit message:

Add instructions for serving content locally using Docker

index.md, after:

![Welcome To PwnWiki.io](images/logo.jpg)

**PwnWiki.io** - __The notes section of the pentesters mind.__

[Image Generated Here](http://www.addletters.com/pictures/restaurant-sign-generator/4772466.htm#.UplRZ42PuuY)

This is a collection TTPs (tools, tactics, and procedures) for what to do after access has been gained to victim systems during the course of performing penetration/red team testing.

- - - - - -
### Live Online Copy:
You can find a copy of the project online at: http://PwnWiki.io

### Offline Use:
This is the really cool thing about this wiki: when you do a ```git clone``` of it you get a full wiki on your local system. Do you work on a network that has no Internet access? We gotcha covered.

  1. Clone the repository or pull the archive ([download zip](https://github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io/archive/master.zip)) of the repo
  2. Open index.html
  3. Most modern browsers don't allow the access of local files from a locally loaded HTML file. On Windows you can use [Mongoose Tiny](http://cesanta.com/downloads.html) or [HFS](http://www.rejetto.com/hfs/) to host the files locally. On OSX and Linux `python -m SimpleHTTPServer` seems to work just fine<sup>1</sup>.
  4. ... or, build a Docker container and run it (following [these instructions](docker.md)) to provide local HTTP access.

[Footnote 1] Referenced tools can be found here: https://github.com/mubix/post-exploitation (If they aren't built into the OS).

- - - - - -
### Submitting Content
We want/need your help! Please contribute to this project is via GitHub (https://github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io). That allows us to get your project-ready content incorporated into the wiki fast. Check out the https://github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io/wiki page for details on how to contribute.

We realize that not everyone can/wants to submit content via GitHub and that's cool. If your go-to content is not up here and you don't want to spend the time becoming a Git Jedi, just visit our [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1N7-jRjnUXoz-UwB2h0du2IrskFJW6hBGs4YsTwvEncE/viewform). Due to the large amount of submissions and content, there may be a delay between your posting and us getting your content into the project. Thanks for your submissions and your patience! 

- - - - - -
### Curators:

  * [@mubix](https://twitter.com/mubix) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@mubix)
  * [@WebBreacher](https://twitter.com/webbreacher) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@WebBreacher)
  * [@tekwizz123](https://twitter.com/tekwizz123) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@tekwizz123)
  * [@jakx_](https://twitter.com/jakx_) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@jakx_)
  * [@TheColonial](https://twitter.com/TheColonial) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@TheColonial)
  * [@Wireghoul](https://twitter.com/Wireghoul) [gimmick:TwitterFollow](@Wireghoul)

If you would like to become a curator, please contact [mubix@hak5.org](mailto:mubix@hak5.org)

[gimmick:ForkMeOnGitHub ({ color: 'red',  position: 'right' })](http://www.github.com/pwnwiki/pwnwiki.github.io/)
